hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2011 film Captain America the
First Avenger so let's get started there
are a lot of Marvel movies that have
already came out and are all
interconnected if you need some
refreshers check out my playlist with
plenty of spoilers below the film begins
in 1942 with Nazi officer Johann Schmidt
and his men entering into a German
occupied Norwegian town looking for a
mysterious relic known as the tesseract
which is said to have untold powers at
the same time Steve Rogers endless in
the US military
despite his various health and physical
problems with the help of his friend
Bucky and dr. Abraham Erskine Rogers is
put into an experimental super soldier
program and it is revealed that the Nazi
officer Schmidt underwent an earlier
version of this procedure having some
serious side effects
Rogers undergoes the procedure becoming
significantly more muscular and strong
back in Europe Schmidt and dr. Zola
begin to use the power of the tesseract
in order to try to take over the world
Schmidt discovers dr. Erskine's location
and has amis hacen aided right after he
completed Rogers procedure Rodger
captures the assassin but the assassin
commits suicide in order to avoid
interrogation with Erskine dead the
super-soldier formula is lost with his
new powers Rogers is sent to tour the
nation in a colorful costume given the
title Captain America and is told to
promote war bonds while visiting Italy
Rogers finds out that his friend Bucky's
unit went missing in a battle and
Schmidt's forces Rogers teams up with a
British agent Peggy
and the engineer Howard Stark who
sidenote is Tony Stark's aka Iron Man's
father
Rogers infiltrates the fortress of
Schmitz Hydra organization and frees
Bucky and the other prisoners Rogers
battles against Schmidt who has a red
skull like face underneath his mask
giving him the title the red skull
Schmidt is able to escape and Rogers
returns the soldiers Rogers and the
soldiers attack several known Hydra
bases using advanced equipment supplied
by Howard Stark including a circular
shield made of vibranium a nearly
indestructible metal Rogers is able to
capture dr. Zola but during the capture
Bucky falls from the terrain and appears
to be dead from dr. Zola's information
Rogers locates the final Hydra base in
Rogers stop Schmidt aboard a plane from
using the tesseract to cause massive
casualties all over the world the
container for the tesseract is damaged
and Schmidt physically touches the
tesseract causing him to dissolve into
bright light
the tesseract falls and burns to the
floor of the plane into the ocean
Rodgers crashes the plane into the
Arctic in order to prevent the on board
payload from possibly hurting anyone
else
stark recovers the tesseract from the
ocean floor and the wreckage and Rogers
are unable to be located so Rogers is
presumed dead
Rogers awakens in a 1940s style hospital
room but soon realizes that something is
wrong and rushes out of the hospital
right into present-day Times Square the
shield director Nick Fury then informs
Rogers that he has been asleep for
nearly 70 years
in a post-credits scene we see fury and
Rogers discussing possible future
missions that will affect the entire
world so that was the spoilers for
Captain America the First Avenger if you
have another film you'd like to see me
spoil please let me know in the comments
below check out movie's spoiler alerts
on the various forms of social media
listed below and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching